[crowd murmurs]
[gavel bangs]
সাইট খুঁজে না পেলে ব্রাউজারে লিখুন:
-=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
- [Pepsu] But, Your Honour.
- [Shubhkela] No, no.
- [Pepsu] Your Honour.
- [Shubhkela] Honourably acquitted.
State of Delhi versus Sajjan Patnaik.
The accused is hereby
honourably acquitted.
Your Honour? An acquittal for him?
The accused is absconding on bail.
Closing arguments have been made.
The verdict has been pending
for three years.
So until the police catch him,
should the court be left in limbo?
Yes, Mr PP?
Why are we wasting the court's time
chasing these petty scammers? Huh?
Your Honour, the police have a request.
Just… one last chance
to catch the culprit.
Your Honour, it's fine
if you don't give me a chance.
Just make a note in the order sheet
that officer Pepsu requested one.
All right.
The case will be disposed of after a week.
It's not like you're going
to find Sajjan Patnaik.
Adjourned.
Noor Bano versus Sharafat Ali.
The People's Court has only one purpose.
Everyone wins. No one loses.
- [grunting]
- [clamouring]
Hey, hey! What are you doing?
Hey, what are you--
Hey! What are you people doing?
This is the People's Court.
This isn't where cases are tried.
This is where negotiations are done.
The two of you would have to work together
and find a solution. Okay?
[howls]
Look, we're here to help you
reach a settlement.
- Next.
- [Topo] This is a national level event.
Judges are coming from all over
to this place for judicial training.
As per tradition, you should send
the senior-most judge in Patparganj.
Mr Bainsla said I should send
a meritorious judge,
not the senior-most one.
Your Honour, in the workplace,
merit is based on seniority,
not on actual merit.
Yes, but only people with merit
are truly meritorious.
I-It's very unfair, Your Honour.
It's very unfair.
The system is full of people
who have no merit.
In fact, they weren't even selected
based on merit.
Don't they have the right
to be meritorious?
On what grounds?
S-Seniority.
[sighs]
Mr Kela was elevated to this court
from District Court.
Imagine if he were a chief guest
at his own court,
what an…
what an amazing surprise it would be.
You just call them up
and recommend his name.
[Pepsu] Your Honour, we have a problem.
A few days ago, we nabbed
an associate of Sajjan Patnaik.
- He gave us his new number. 6-3-2-1--
- Get to the point, Pepsu, please.
That number was traced this morning, sir.
The location is here.
So are you trying to tell me
that the absconding criminal is right here
in the court premises at this time?
Pepsu, how will we find him? It's…
It's the People's Court today.
He must be…
[opening theme music plays]
[music ends]
It's my fault, Sujata. It's my fault.
I should never have made
Ani and Varsha sit together.
Bring it here.
I'm a fool.
\[Sujata] You're not a fool.
It's Varsha who's the fool.
Come on. Who breaks up over food, man?
\Every Sunday,
the choreographer comes to teach me.
\All my neighbours know I'm doing
a solo dance performance at my wedding.
\Now no one's going to want
to see my moves.
Aw.
[phone rings]
[Sujata] Is it Varsha?
It's Mr Tyagi. I'll talk to him later.
Vishwas!
[stammers]
It must be something important.
Yes, Tyagi, sir. Yes. Y-Yes, I'm coming.
[panting]
I'm coming, sir. Yes. On the way. Yeah.
Where's he off to? Didn't even say hi.
Hmm. Stop acting all innocent.
Who broke off the engagement?
- [gasps]
- [scoffs]
[stammers] But… listen…
- [Tyagi] A con man in the court premises?
- Huh?
This is scandalous.
We'll be ripped apart by the media.
[PP] Yes, Your Honour.
[Tyagi] This is very serious.
Hello, sir.
Yes, Vishwas. We were waiting for you.
Look, you will delegate all the work for
the People's Court to someone else today,
and spend the whole day accompanying
Officer Pepsu and his team.
Con man Sajjan Patnaik is here in court.
What? Con… Con man?
No problem, sir.
Uh, I just need a picture of him.
I'll have it posted all over the place.
We'll get him in a jiffy.
Pictures? There are none.
[stammers] No pictures?
The thing is, a few months ago,
I got digitally arrested.
The scammer said, "I am from the CBI
so you're being investigated."
Even though my record is absolutely clean,
I gave him 200 grand.
And access to the whole system.
All the data was erased.
Data erased? Government data?
- We've ordered a sketch.
- No, no. Sketches are no good, sir.
- Come on.
- I mean, it causes confusion, sir.
Thousands of people come to court.
Lawyers, the police, staff.
And there'll be even more people today.
The People's Court is in session.
How will we find him?
Do you have a strategy?
[sips]
Hope.
[sighs]
Vishwas, this matter should stay
within these four walls.
Yes, sir.
The purpose of having a People's Court is
to make the court accessible
to the people.
At no time should they ever feel
that they are unsafe.
You're right.
So make sure you update me
every half an hour.
And me every 28 minutes.
Sure.
[Sujata]
So the matter is property related.
Yes. Now that Kulwant is gone,
that bitch wants our home.
And home would be
P-521 Greater Kailash, correct?
Top floor with terrace.
- Mr Danish, I have another question.
- Come on!
Have you ever been in a marriage before?
- No.
- So by bitch, you mean Kulwant's wife?
Yes.
But, sir, women can't get married
to each other.
- Uh, act--
- Kulwant was a man.
My partner.
His wife. The bitch.
Huh?
Sujata, Kulwant was gay.
Shut up! Don't talk like that
about a dead man.
And why not? That's our identity.
You're gay?
But you seem pretty normal.
You aren't dressed in bright colours,
your right ear isn't pierced,
your arms are quite hairy.
You look pretty manly to me.
Your arms are quite hairy too.
- [Law laughs]
- What does that make you?
I'm sorry, sir. She didn't mean
to offend you like that.
Not at all, sir. I never discriminate.
No matter who they are,
they're my clients.
- Be they straight or gay--
- [scoffs] Sujata!
That's offensive.
Sir, look, I'm very sorry.
She really didn't mean to say that.
Pramila is contesting this will.
And according to this will,
Kulwant left the house to me.
I know the court has
a strong prejudice against us.
That's why I'm willing to compromise.
Twenty percent of the property value,
I will pay to her.
But I want to keep my home.
But how is it his home, sir?
For the last 30 years,
I am the one who's been Mrs Kulwant.
Miss Pramila,
when you found out that
your husband Kulwant bats for both teams,
why didn't you divorce him?
[clears throat] My father was a plumber.
But thanks to my own efforts,
I managed to marry into
an upper-class family.
And for what?
Just so I could give up everything
and become independent? Huh?
Kulwant paid me a cheque
of 200 grand every month.
I'd have settled for 70 grand.
And I for seven grand.
Look, he told me
the cheques wouldn't stop coming.
And now he's gone,
leaving the top floor to Danish. Huh?
I mean, for so many years women have been
fighting hard to get property rights!
For what? So that it can just be
given away to gay men?
Look, ma'am,
- on paper, you are Mr Kulwant's wife.
- That's right!
And according to personal law,
the property of the deceased
- goes to the spouse.
- Of course.
And this Danish is just a… you know… a…
What do you call a male mistress?
- A "manstress".
- Yes, "manstress".
- Danish is just a--
- But, sir, why did you ask me?
[Mintu, Shambhu laugh]
- [Mintu] I thought maybe you--
- Look here, sir!
I want my share of the property.
Fine.
I am willing to part with 20%
for that "manstress".
You just get him to compromise.
Why should we always compromise?
First, you force us into
heterosexual marriages.
And then when we come out,
you refuse to recognise gay marriages.
And then you say
the spouse has all the rights.
Now you tell me, is that fair?
- Sir, that's unfair, but legal.
- Yeah.
Sir, where's it written in the will
that the two of you were gay?
And, uh, what we also realised today is,
uh, just by appearance,
you can't tell who is gay and who isn't.
[whispers] Sujata.
Sir, I've got a great idea.
But for that, I'm afraid
you'll have to go back into the drawer.
You mean closet.
You can't ask him
to hide his identity like that.
It must have been really hard
for him to come--
Actually, it's okay.
I spent my whole life
acting straight for nothing.
At least this time, I'll get my home back.
[officer 1] Show me camera number four.
[officer 2, through radio]
Yes, number seven is clear.
Camera number five.
[officer 2 speaks indistinctly]
What is this?
[through radio] Now, who put this
in front of the camera?
[bangs]
Idiot.
[Rajesh] So what if
there's a mole on her face?
The card is in her bag,
and you have seized it.
Why are you holding her here?
Her face is a good match.
She even has a mole on her right cheek.
Sajjan Patnaik is a man.
But he could've entered the court
disguised as a woman. What then?
Ah.
Bloody fool.
You can leave. Carry on.
[Pepsu] Mr Topo.
I have figured out the correct way
to find Sajjan Patnaik.
- Which is?
- Wanna see?
Sajjan Patnaik!
All those who've turned, pull them aside.
- Yes, sir.
- Hey, hang on. Hang on.
Pepsu!
Where do they find idiots like this?
- [Pepsu, through radio] Vishwas.
- Everyone needs to form a queue.
- Entry will be only from the main gate.
- Walk in one-by-one. This way, please.
Look, Pepsu, you can't make them enter
and exit from the same gate.
There'll be a stampede!
Stampedes only happen when people
are served free food, not free justice.
- Vishwas, listen, I'm so sorry.
- Hello. Yeah.
I-I didn't realise that Varsha would--
Uh, I've got tons of stuff to do.
I'll talk-- I'll see you later. Yeah.
- Vishwas?
- Uh, Pepsu, I'm telling you,
we are going to have
a stampede here. You--
Sujata, he is not even talking to me.
What have I done wrong?
Ani, please just help me with this case
and I'll make sure he talks to you.
Who's the wife's lawyer?
How will I know who the lawyer is?
The People's Court doesn't
put up a cause list.
And there's such a huge crowd
I can't even see the other party.
[laughs] Let them come, whoever they are.
The case is already ours! Come on.
Hey, step aside. Let the lawyers through.
Move! Move!
All right, next case.
Pramila Kapoor versus…
- Present, Your Honour.
- …Danish Chandani.
Yes, Your Honour.
You're both from the same chamber, right?
Are you representing Pramila as well?
Are you guys getting money
from both parties? Huh?
Ma'am, the score is 14 all right now.
Sir, whoever resolves the most cases
gets to name the chamber.
[clears throat] Your Honour,
our chamber is representing Miss Pramila.
[scoffs] No, Your Honour,
our chamber is representing Mr. Danish.
Look, look. If this was court,
I would not have allowed this at all.
Conflict of interest.
But today, we all have
the same interest here, right?
Compromise.
So tell me. Should we do it?
- Your Honour, uh--
- Of course, Your Honour.
They should definitely do it, sir.
There are many precedents, Your Honour,
where the property has gone
not to the mistress.
It has gone to the wife.
And anyway, Mr Danish is
just his "manstress".
"Manstress" meaning?
[stammers]
A mistress who's a man, Your Honour.
Who's a man?
Well, uh, someone on the side?
- A man on the side?
- [Order] A male mistress!
Your Honour, we were best friends.
- Best friends? Your Honour, he's my rival.
- [Mintu] Best friends.
And they were having
a homosexual relationship.
[Sujata] No, Your Honour!
It wasn't homosexual,
it was "bromosexual".
Your Honour, you tell me.
Do I appear gay to you?
Uh, well, maybe a little--
Your Honour,
for the sake of a few square feet,
he's willing to betray
his whole community.
Mr. Danish is gay.
Your Honour, my client is being defamed.
That's a very primitive
way of thinking, Ms Sujata.
In today's day and age,
calling someone gay is hardly defamation.
[Sujata] Sorry, uh…
Your Honour, I hope you don't mind…
but you seem a little gay today.
- What kind of nonsense is that!
- [giggles]
Can't you see all this hair on my arms?
Your Honour, the fact of the matter is,
that even after he got married,
Kulwant preferred to spend time
with his friends
because his wife only married him
for his money.
So it's only natural that after his death,
he left his property
to Danish Chandani,
who was his best friend.
- And despite all of this…
- She's lying through her teeth.
…Mr Danish is more than willing
- to pay her 20 percent of his share.
- Yes, sir.
Justified.
Your Honour, now we're going to take 100%.
You've insulted my client
in front of everyone!
- Are you're not insulting him?
- What did I do?
- What was that crack about being gay?
- But he is gay.
- You don't have any manners at all.
- You're the one who has no manners.
"The people's court has one sole purpose.
Everyone wins, no one loses."
Look, if you people had
no intention of compromising,
why did you come here at all?
I think it's high time
all these pre-litigation matters
are totally banned
from the people's court.
You both are from the same chamber,
and don't know the basics
of the People's Court?
- Your Honour--
- Ms Sujata,
if you two want to make a scene,
please do it inside!
That's it. I'm done. Next.
Vivek Tiwari versus Babita Lachda.
[Munshi] I thought that
by competing with each other,
you would learn from each other.
You'd find each other's
strengths and weaknesses.
And the partnership would grow stronger.
Which would benefit the chamber.
But I made one mistake.
I never imagined you two would have
so little consideration for the chamber.
By taking both clients, from the same case
you have proofed to everyone
that what was just a doubt
is now undoubtedly confirmed.
That after Visheshwar,
this chamber has no future whatsoever.
[sighs]
Downloaded from -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
By obsessing over
who will name this chamber,
you have dragged its name
right into the dust!
[melancholy music playing]
I thought I would continue
for another five more years.
And then retire.
But now…
[stammers] Sujata…
I started this whole argument.
This is all my fault.
Let's decide whose fault it was
after we set it right.
We tarnished the name, right?
Then we're going to restore it.
[Order] But, ma'am, how will we do it?
Even if we give up one client,
our reputation will still be ruined.
If the chamber's taken on both clients,
then both have to win.
What do you mean?
The People's court.
[intriguing music playing]
Sir, didn't I tell you you can't meet him?
You keep coming back!
I told you I have to meet the PDJ!
[Rajesh] Mr Topo.
Uh, he says he wants to meet the PDJ.
He keeps saying
he has some urgent work with him.
Come in. Show me your ID.
[intriguing music playing]
Kailash Shubhkela.
Uh… This is your name?
Yes. I've only recently been elevated
from the District Court.
Now step aside and let me in!
Sir, one minute, I'll just confirm this
with the PDJ. One minute.
Listen, Pepsu, this Sajjan Patnaik?
How old is he?
Forty-four.
So he was born in '81.
And what's his height?
5'9.
I found the bastard.
Bloody con man.
[sucks teeth] Pepsu, we got him.
[detector beeping]
Hey, listen.
From now on, don't trouble the judge.
Come with me, sir.
The PDJ is waiting for you.
- Come. Come on.
- Let us go.
[music continues]
What is your name?
Kailash Shubhkela.
[scoffs, chuckles]
He's lying.
His heartbeat has increased.
Look, you people have
got me tied to a chair.
Wouldn't your heartbeat increase?
I'm telling the truth.
You know what? You're more than
welcome to check my bag. You'll find my--
- [Pepsu] Sure I'll check the bag.
- [PP] Hang on!
Once the bag is opened
a snake will pop out
and then you'll give us the slip, huh?
Hmm?
Yes. This bastard
did the same thing else were to.
[Tyagi] Pepsu.
S-Sorry, your Honour.
No abusing.
Why did you want to meet me?
Remember you'd called the District Court
regarding the judicial training event?
- [Pepsu] The bastard knows everything.
- Uh-uh.
He is very cunning, sir. Very cunning.
But in my experience, people like him
always wear a fake beard,
moustache and wig.
I think we should do a thorough check.
- [PP] Check him.
- [Pepsu] Yes, sir.
[Shubhkela yelps] Hey! It's my own hair!
[shouting]
[stammers] He's…
[grunting, screams]
- Hey…
- [shouting continues]
Uh… Okay, Pepsu, please stop.
[shouts]
- [panting]
- [Tyagi] Just stop. Uh… It's real hair.
Yes, it is real. [chuckles]
- What makes you think it's not real?
- Yeah, yeah.
[inhales deeply]
I am Kailash Shubhkela, okay?
I've been practising lawyer for 20 years.
Don't any of you believe me?
No.
Then please go ahead
and check my bag. My ID is inside.
- [PP] Go check.
- [Tyagi] Topo.
- There could be a snake.
- Really?
Yes.
- [PP] That's what I said.
- [Tyagi] District Court…
The president of the Bar Association there
is an old friend of mine.
We can verify this right away.
[line ringing]
[chuckles] Mr Zaidi, hello.
How are you, sir?
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Well, actually, Mr Zaidi,
we have a gentleman here with us.
He claims that he's a very well-known
lawyer at the District Court.
Do you happen to know him?
- Zaidi, sir!
- [PP chuckles]
Zaidi, sir. It's me, Kailash.
I'm Kailash!
Hey! That's Mr Shubhkela!
- But why have you tied him up, Tyagi?
- [stammering]
Um, I'll talk to you a little later,
Mr Zaidi.
- [Vishwas] Oh, my God.
- [Topo] Untie the judge.
- Oh, my God. I'm sorry, sir.
- Sorry, sir.
[Vishwas] Just settle Sir's hair, please.
No wonder his hair was not coming off.
Uh… That's how they do it
in true crime shows. [chuckles]
Piss off!
Tyagi, sir.
If he is the real Shubhkela,
then who… who's that judge?
Sajjan Patnaik.
Danish is still stuck
on my earlier strategy.
He insists he'll walk into court
as a straight man.
- He won't compro… Namaste.
- Namaste.
He won't compromise on a single rupee.
He just won't listen.
And Pramila's just as adamant.
She says, "First he took my husband,
and now he's defaming me in public."
She wants to see Danish humiliated
in front of the entire court.
You have to convince them somehow.
The People's Court ends in two hours.
First of all,
the People's Court is voluntary.
How will we get them to compromise?
Voluntary can be made compulsory.
It's a civil case.
There's bound to be
a few irregularities somewhere.
Tyagi used to say the same thing.
Instill confidence
in a client who's scared,
and strike fear in a client
who's confident.
Exactly.
Fear of punishment.
Done strategy.
Forget the lift,
there is fire compliance too.
Who does all this crap?
Sale deed, mutation certificate,
it's all there!
[Mintu] We were trying to scare them
and we're getting screwed.
How are we going to face Mr Munshi?
Hold on. Wait a second.
Why is Danish's bungalow so much higher
than the neighboring bungalow?
- [Order] Meaning?
- [Mintu] Let's see.
Look.
- [Sujata] Well done, Ani.
- [chuckles]
- Mintu?
- [Mintu] Yes.
Confirm this with the registrar's office.
I'll go and get Mr Munshi.
Okay. Great.
Okay, Pepsu. I'm here. Pepsu, here.
- But where is the judge?
- What's up?
He went to the washroom half an hour ago.
He's not back yet.
Has he given us the slip?
\He's run away.
\- He's gone.
- But where?
\Motherfucker scooted!
\In 2008 he committed fraud
as a tax officer.
The lack of evidence
allowed him to get away.
And in 2017,
he was running a fake bank branch.
The man got's guts.
This time he was handling
his own case as a judge.
- So he could acquit himself and get away.
- Yeah.
- His passport must've been seized by now.
- [PP] Of course.
- [Vishwas] Tyagi, sir.
- Sir.
- [Tyagi] Yes what, what?
- Tyagi, sir.
- Tell him.
- What happened?
- What, what? He…
- He's run off, sir.
- He's run off?
- It's all his fault, sir.
- My fault?
- What?
I mean, he made it so obvious
with the whole army standing there.
And the judge figured out his time was up.
Damn it! You really are the limit!
The pits.
[Pepsu] With your permission, sir…
We'll have to shut down
the People's Court.
You see? He won't get away this time.
Wait a minute. I'll call him.
Huh?
He won't answer, Your Honor.
Be positive, Topo.
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[automated voice] The person you are
trying to reach is not answering…
[exhales deeply]
[phone chimes]
Hey! Huh…
- Mr Kela?
- [Patnaik] Yes, Tyagi.
I was in the bathroom. Tell me.
I was wondering if you and I
could meet right now,
- on the terrace.
- [inhales sharply]
You carry on. [chuckles]
I'll see you there.
I'll bring my special tea.
Great. I'll be right there.
Let's go, sir.
No. I'd rather go alone.
[inhales sharply] I'll be back soon.
You guys wait here.
I can't believe this.
Are the two of you really sure
that you want to go court
over this property?
- Yes.
That's P-521 GK 2, top floor.
And top floor would be?
Third floor.
So, according to the government records,
the top floor is the second floor.
And Zoning laws do not allow
any construction above that.
How's that possible?
We bought the third floor
directly from the builder.
- I have all the documents.
- Someone sold the Taj Mahal
by showing the right documents.
Your construction is illegal, sir.
And if this matter goes to court,
the issue won't be property dispute,
but property demolition.
- [Sujata] Hmm.
- And both of you will end up with nothing.
So… Court or out of court?
What you call a plan,
a paper or a property…
was home to us.
[soft music plays]
With great difficulty,
we created a safe space,
where we could be ourselves.
I didn't expect any support
from anyone then,
nor do I expect it now. [sighs]
But all I expect from all of you
is to understand.
I loved Kulwant.
And this is all I have left of him.
You take the house.
I just want my share.
Because I have a right to it.
How will I pay the money?
I don't have that much.
But Ms Pramila doesn't want that much.
Just pay her 200,000 a month
as long as she's alive.
I… I can do that.
Matter settled.
You get to keep your house,
and you get 200,000 rupees a month.
Just as Mr Kulwant
had promised both of you.
Everyone wins, no one loses.
[Mintu] All right then, shake on it.
[Order] Go on. Shake hands.
- [Law] Well done.
- [Mintu] Excellent.
[applause]
- [Law] Well done.
- Excellent! [chuckles]
SUJATA 14 MINTU 14
[Munshi] That makes it 28.
And after adding the two clients today…
\30.
Offering relief to 30 clients
in three months…
Not even Tyagi managed that.
- We won.
- [cheering]
- [Sujata] Congrats.
- [Mintu] You too.
[cheering continues]
[chuckles]
DISTRICT COURT, PATPARGANJ,
DELHI, SATYAMEV JAYATE
- Uh, so this is…
- Vishwas, do you have a minute?
Yeah, tell me, what is it?
- [Sujata] Put that file back.
- File back? Yeah, all right.
The thing is, ma'am, my brain is fried
going "copy-copy"
on the walkie-talkie all morning.
- So, um…
- [Sujata] All the best.
- [Ani] Vishwas.
- Uh, uh…
Uh…
You know, Vishwas, I…
All I said to Varsha was that
you prefer Mangesh's snacks.
A-And the next thing Sujata tells me
is that your wedding is off.
- Engagement. The engagement is off.
- Yeah.
But it wasn't your fault. It's okay.
But then, why are you ignoring me?
No, I'm not ignoring you… I…
Are we not friends anymore?
Ani, It's because we're friends
that I'm ignoring you.
You know, Varsha keeps telling me that,
even if I am not in love with her,
that's okay.
It's something that will happen
along the way.
But if there is someone else,
then she is not okay with that.
By someone else, she means me?
Because I know your dietary preferences.
Because she can see in our eyes
that there's a vibe between us.
- [chuckles]
- [Ani clears throat]
Vishwas, look into my eyes.
Huh?
[Ani] Look into my eyes. Look.
- [sighs, chuckles]
- My eyes are here.
- You're shifting your gaze.
- No.
See something?
Yeah.
I did.
What?
There's a hair in your eye.
[groans]
- Ow.
- [blows]
An eyelash. [chuckles] It's gone.
[sighs] See?
We're just friends.
All you saw in my eyes
was an eyelash, dude.
[chuckles]
You know, you've always been there
for me when I needed you.
And now when you need me, Vishwas,
then let me be there for you. Please.
You can buy me a beer this evening.
- You're nuts.
- No.
- Come here.
- [chuckles, exclaims]
Uh… after two weeks.
Okay.
Take care.
Well the beer is arranged for.
[chuckles]
[phone buzzes]
Mintu.
What's up?
You're always on the phone these days.
ভুয়া লিংক এড়িয়ে চলুন — অফিসিয়াল: -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
Are you chatting with someone?
Just a friend. Online.
Oh, online. So you haven't met her?
[sighs]
Thing is, she's the really shy type.
I've asked her out twice, but, uh…
[inhales sharply] Third time lucky.
That's what they say.
Just ask her.
I'm sure she'll agree this time.
All the best. See you.
[Patnaik] Congratulations, Tyagi.
The highest number of cases resolved today
was at the Patparganj People's Court.
With a capable judge like yourself,
that was bound to happen.
- [chuckles]
- I'll always be indebted.
Come on, don't say that,
you call me a friend
and then say you are indebted.
[chuckles] Here you go.
I needed some advice from you, Mr Kela.
Tell me.
A friend of mine… [inhales sharply]
…has been lying to me
for a very long time,
taking advantage of me.
So, what do you think I should do?
There can be no place
for deceit in a friendship, Tyagi.
Break off the friendship.
And try not to take
his actions personally.
You see, Tyagi, some people
are naturally inclined to slip up.
And if that friend…
has delivered verdicts
in over 2,000 cases…
and toyed with the lives of
hundreds of people…
then what should I do?
[dramatic music plays]
Does being a judge mean anything?
Mean anything? [chuckles]
You sit on a chair, look at some books,
and deliver a verdict.
You advise people on what to do
and they start thinking of you as God.
Isn't it, Tyagi?
Until yesterday, I was Shubhkela.
I was a capable judge.
And today, as Sajjan Patnaik, I am a…
[chuckles] …criminal.
[chuckles]
It's all an illusion, isn't it?
What do you think?
This justice, equality,
for the people, by the people…
all an illusion.
If these principles meant anything,
the world would be running on them.
Isn't it, Tyagi?
So what is it running on, Sajjan?
Benefit.
One's own benefit.
Which is why, for me,
being a judge meant my acquittal.
Just like for you, being a judge means…
getting a kick.
Right?
[contemplative music plays]
Let's go.